TESTING.md, before:

# Testing
I conducted manual testing throughout the project development, ensuring that each component was thoroughly tested as it was implemented. To inspect code and its effect on the rendered site simultaneously, I utilized Google Chrome DevTools in the browser.

### Google's Lighthouse Performance
-Desktop
<p>
  <img src="static/images/readme/testing/lighthouse.png" width="30%" height="30%">
</p>

-Mobile
<p>
  <img src="static/images/readme/testing/lighthouse-mob.png" width="30%" height="30%">
</p>

### Browser Compatibility

I've personally tested the website on Android and Windows laptops, and everything is displaying correctly. Additionally, I've asked friends and family to access it on Macs and other devices, and they have confirmed that it works well for them too.

### Responsiveness
Website is fully responsive, with use of 4 breakpoints:

- 375px - mobile size,
- 768px - tablet size,
- 1440px - desktop size,
- 1950px - desktop large size.

### Code Validation

### HTML

I used [W3 HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/) to validate all HTML files by URI, pasting each page into the address bar and checking to ensure no errors were found. After changing one section element to a div and removing the trailing / from an img tag, all sites received no errors.

### Manual Testing user stories
Test all your user stories, you an create table 
User Story |  Test | Pass
--- | --- | :---:
paste here you user story | what is visible to the user and what action they should perform | &check;
- attach screenshot
### Manual Testing features
Test all your features, you can use the same approach 
| Status | feature
|:-------:|:--------|
| &check; | description
- attach screenshot

## Manual Testing


## User Stories


### First time user


### Registered user
|

## Code Validators

### HTML

W3 HTML Validator (https://validator.w3.org/) to validate all HTML files by URI, 

### CSS

W3 CSS Validator (https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator) to validate the style.css file and 

![CSS Validation Screenshot](/static/images/readme/testing/testcss.webp)

### JavaScript

JsHint (https://jshint.com/) to check the script.js file for errors

### Python

Code Institue Python Linter (https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/)

## Lighthouse

Google Chrome Dev Tools Lighthouse function to check the performance, accessibility and search 

[Back to README](README.md)

Commit message:

Edit README.md user stories

TESTING.md, after:

# Testing
I conducted manual testing throughout the project development, ensuring that each component was thoroughly tested as it was implemented. To inspect code and its effect on the rendered site simultaneously, I utilized Google Chrome DevTools in the browser.

### Google's Lighthouse Performance
Google Chrome Dev Tools Lighthouse function to check the performance, accessibility and search engine optimization with scores documented below.

-Desktop
<p>
  <img src="static/images/readme/testing/lighthouse.png" width="30%" height="30%">
</p>

-Mobile
<p>
  <img src="static/images/readme/testing/lighthouse-mob.png" width="30%" height="30%">
</p>

### Browser Compatibility

I've personally tested the website on Android and Windows laptops, and everything is displaying correctly. Additionally, I've asked friends and family to access it on Macs and other devices, and they have confirmed that it works well for them too.

### Responsiveness
Website is fully responsive, with use of 4 breakpoints:

- 375px - mobile size,
- 768px - tablet size,
- 1440px - desktop size,
- 1950px - desktop large size.

### Code Validation

### HTML

I used [W3 HTML Validator](https://validator.w3.org/) to validate all HTML files by URI, pasting each page into the address bar and checking to ensure no errors were found. After changing one section element to a div and removing the trailing / from an img tag, all sites received no errors.

### Manual Testing user stories

* Home Page
<p>
  <img src="static/images/readme/testing/homescreen(Desktop).png" width="30%" height="30%">
</p>

- 

### Manual Testing features
Test all your features, you can use the same approach 
| Status | feature
|:-------:|:--------|
| &check; | description
- attach screenshot

## Manual Testing


## User Stories


### First time user


### Registered user
|

## Code Validators

### HTML

W3 HTML Validator (https://validator.w3.org/) to validate all HTML files by URI, 

### CSS

W3 CSS Validator (https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/validator) to validate the style.css file and 

![CSS Validation Screenshot](/static/images/readme/testing/testcss.webp)

### Python

Code Institue Python Linter (https://pep8ci.herokuapp.com/)



 


[Back to README](README.md)
